	Having done some research and talking with my friends and colleagues about DDoS attacks, I decided to hone in on one in specific. The one I chose to focus in on and deploy was the ping of death attack. Since the beginning of the summer, I moved into a new living situation where I would have a roommate. Said roommate is always playing video games late at night which can lead to poor performance from our router. I decided that the best way to prevent some of these headaches I could temporarily inhibit his Xbox's ability to connect to the internet. As a video game 'efficiando', I understand that disconnecting your Xbox from the internet will thusly disconnect you from Xbox live. Since the release of the Xbox One 90% of users depend on being on Xbox live to access the Microsoft Store which holds information on what games are owned and can be played. 
	After reading and watching learning materials online, I felt as though it was time to put my newly learned knowledge to use. I thought that sending the attack to the Xbox would be the least harm that I could do while still testing my learning. Of course, before sending the attack I let my roommate know that the internet might be on the fritz for the coming hours. Initially, I made the mistake of only sending the attack to the Xbox's IPv4 address. While the attack successfully took the IPv4 address down, the Xbox was still operable and online. I went back to the drawing board and it took me about a week before I figured out what the issue was. I didn't consider that the Xbox would be using both its IPv4 and IPv6 addresses to provide internet to the system. After learning the ping6 command I was now ready to take both down. 
	For anonymity's sake, I used pseudo IP4 and IPv6 addresses in the code. I only left the code running for a short amount of time as I had no intention of bringing down the system that I was pinging. When I sent the successful ping of death command to the Xbox the approximate run time was 15 minutes. Meaning that the Xbox was denied service approximately 15 minutes after sending these commands. 
